{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Celebrating the Best of Modern Art
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 SMOCA (San Angelico Museum of Contemporary Art) is a museum with a focus on Modern Art from the last 75 years. Since its Inception in 1973, the museum has been the leader in representing modern contemporary art and design. The museum is located in the heart of Ventura, California, ninety miles north of Los Angeles.
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 An Introduction
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 SAMOCA was established in honor of Saint Angelico, and tasked with promoting the enrichment and furtherment of the Arts. It hots a creative mixture of Visual and Performing Arts alongside music and crafts, suitable for the entire family. The museum also spotlights the unique talents and accomplishments of up-and-coming artist found within the diverse and daring California community and beyond.
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Our collections are designed to highlight the importance of Contemporary Art within modern society. Important influences, such as popular music, Cinema, and current world events, are reflected in our halls. Through our diverse collections, events, and with the support of our patrons and volunteers, the museum helps to promote the importance of Modern Art around the world. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}